Your registration is a legal agreement between you and Boutell.Com,
Incorporated.  Your purchase of this registration key indicates acceptance
of these terms and conditions.  

1. License: The License Agreement grants the purchaser of this
	    registration key a License to use the number of copies
            of Wusage purchased.  You may transfer each Licensed
            Copy of the Software from one computer to another so long 
            as it is not used on more than one computer at a time.  
            You may download and unlock additional copies only in the
	    instance of destruction or loss of the originals, or in
	    order to upgrade to a more recent version.  You are only
	    permitted to analyse the logs of one (1) World Wide
	    Web server per Licensed Copy held.  For the purposes
	    of this License a World Wide Web server is defined
	    as a distinct IP address responding with a unique 
	    root document. Subdirectories of a single server do not
            require separate Licenses.  

	    *  If you have ANY questions about
	       how many copies you require,  contact us at 206 325
	       3009. We will prosecute companies and individuals using
	       or reselling unlicensed copies of Wusage. *

2. Transfer:   Wusage Licenses are not transferable.

3. Copyright:  The Software and Documentation are owned by Boutell.Com.
	       The Software and Documentation are protected by United
	       States and international copyright laws and international
	       treaty provisions.  You may not remove, obscure, or alter
	       any notice of patent, copyright, trademarks, trade secrets
	       or other proprietary rights.

4. Term:       This License is effective until terminated.  This License 
	       and your right to use this Software terminate automatically
	       if you violate any part of this Agreement.

5. Limitation of Liability Disclaimer:  Boutell.Com has made reasonable
	       checks of this Software to confirm that it will perform in
	       normal use on compatible equipment substantially as 
	       described in our Documentation, as published most recently
	       prior to your download of the Software.  However, due to 
	       the inherently complex nature of computer software, 
	       Boutell.Com does not warrant that the Software or
	       Documentation is completely error-free, will operate
	       without interruption, is compatible with all 
	       equipment or software configurations, or will
	       otherwise meet your needs.  ACCORDINGLY, THE SOFTWARE
	       AND DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED AS-IS, AND YOU ASSUME
	       ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THEIR USE.

	       Boutell.Com provides free technical support for registered
	       owners of this software.

	       BOUTELL.COM, INC MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES EXPRESSED
	       OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE OR THE 
	       DOCUMENTATION.

	       In no event will Boutell.Com be liable for indirect,
	       incidental, or consequential damages, including, without
	       limitations, the loss of income, use, or information, 
	       nor shall the liability of Boutell.Com exceed the amount
	       paid for this registration.  *Some localities do not allow
	       the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential
	       damages, so the above limitation or excluision may not
	       apply to you.  You may also have other legal rights, which
	       vary from place to place.*

This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between you and
Boutell.Com and supersedes any prior written or oral agreement concerning
this Software. 

